There are some obvious solutions to this answer. The discriminant of the polynomial being 0, for instance, means that the parabola has a vertex that intersects the x axis. Negative means that there are only complex solutions to the equation and that the parabola never interects with the real x axis. Positive (and nonzero) discriminants indicate that the Parabola interects the x axis twice. [An aside here is that my code cannot distingush between parabolas that have discriminants that are very almost zero but are still positive and discriminants that are truly zero].

More interesting interpretations of the discriminant though are below. To be honest these are more for my own documentation because I sat with this question for a while.
A discriminant of 0 for instance forms a degeneracy--it reduces the complexity of the curve and the information contained within it, despite it still being a parabola conically. It exhibits a minimal intersection with the real plane.
To this end, the discriminant being 0 forms a commuatative algebra. By using the modulo (x-r)^2 for r a root, any polynomial can be expressed as f(x) =_{(x-r)^2} c_0 + c_1(x-r). The degeneracy is relevant here because it forces the curve to behave locally as a linear object (tangent line), since the degeneracy enforces a quasi-lowered-dimensional state. The degeneracy forces the parabola to have a simplified algebraic stucture and forms a commutative algebra through the quotient contruction.
A positive discriminant also has some nice relationships to the group behavior of the parabola. Because the roots are equidistant from the vertex, the roots could be used as generators of groups with respect to this symmetric behavior. They also clearly form an affine group or a reflection group.
A negative discriminant indicates that two degrees of freedom are lost by the system. It is quite interesting that each change in "sign" (if we let zero have a distinct sign from either positive or negative) of the discriminant is associated with a single loss of a degree of freedom in the solutions.

I believe some of this is discussed in Galois Theory but I don't know anything about field extensions. This is mostly me just spitballing and nothing else. Half of it is probably incorrect hahaha
